[Doc] Add export_result section on how to export images and videos (#1151)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/gui.rst

Image I/O
---------

> .. function:: ti.imread(filename, channels = 0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. function:: ti.imread(filename, channels=0)
```

>     :parameter filename: (string) filename of the image you want to load

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter filename: (string) the filename of the image to load
```

>     :parameter channels: (int) the number of channels in your specified image, the default value is zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter channels: (int) the number of channels in your specified image. The default value ``0`` means the channels of the returned image is adaptive to the image file.
```

>     This function can load an image from the target filename, return it as a np.ndarray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This function loads an image from the target filename and returns it as a ``np.ndarray``.
```

.. function:: ti.imshow(img, windname)

>     :parameter img: (Matrix or Expr) the image you want to show in the GUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter img: (Matrix or Expr) the image to show in the GUI
```

>     :parameter windname: (string) the name of GUI window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter windname: (string) the name of the GUI window
```

>     This function will open an instance of ti.GUI and show the input image on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This function will create an instance of ``ti.GUI`` and show the input image on the screen.
```

.. function:: ti.imwrite(img, filename)

    :parameter img: (Matrix or Expr) the images you want to export
    :parameter filename: (string) filename you want to save

>     Please make sure that the input image is a Taichi Matrix or Expr and **it has shape [height, width, compoents] correctly**. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please make sure that the input image is a Taichi tensor of scalar or Vector, and **the tensor has correct shape (height, width, components)**. For example:
```

> - And here is a simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a simple example:
```

>     Please make sure that the input image is a Taichi tensor of scalar or Vector, and **the tensor has correct shape (height, width, components)**. For example:

Reviewer 2: Let's be clear that `ti.imwrite` takes what shape & data type:
```suggestion
    Please make sure that the input image is a Taichi tensor of scalar or Vector, and **the tensor has correct shape (height, width, components)**, see ``ti.GUI.set_image``. For example:
```

>     Please make sure that the input image is a Taichi tensor of scalar or Vector, and **the tensor has correct shape (height, width, components)**. For example:

Reviewer 2: Let's be clear that `ti.imwrite` takes what shape & data type:
```suggestion
    Please make sure that the input image is a Taichi tensor of scalar or Vector, and **the tensor has correct shape (height, width, components)**, see ``ti.GUI.set_image``. For example:
```

> 
> 
> Here is a simple example:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
Since you already have `For example` above.
